README.md, before:

# node-mongodb-graphql-typescript-boilerplate

Boilerplate to jump-start a Node.js project in TypeScript, with React as Frontend, MongoDb as database and Apollo/Graphql as middleware.

Extracted from a previous boilerplate authored by Jakub Synowiec <github@jakubsynowiec.info>.

## Available scripts

+ `start` - start the transpiled js files with ts-node,
+ `clean` - remove coverage data, Jest cache and transpiled files,
+ `build` - transpile TypeScript to ES6,
+ `build:watch` - interactive watch mode to automatically transpile source files,
+ `lint` - lint source files and tests,
+ `test` - run tests,
+ `test:watch` - interactive watch mode to automatically re-run tests

## License
MIT

Copyright (c) <2019> <Martin Scocco>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add some needed dependencies/ update README

README.md, after:

# node-mongodb-graphql-typescript-boilerplate

Boilerplate to jump-start a Node.js project in TypeScript, with React as Frontend, MongoDb as database and Apollo/Graphql as middleware.

Extracted from a previous boilerplate authored by Jakub Synowiec <github@jakubsynowiec.info>.

## Dependencies


## Database
This proyect uses MongoDb as database, and in order to run it, you need to have it installed in your computer. After that, if you are in Linux, just run:
+ `service mongod start` - run mongodb,
+ `mongo` - go to the mongodb console

Remember that you will not be able to start the server until this is running.

## Available scripts

+ `start` - start the transpiled js files with ts-node,
+ `clean` - remove coverage data, Jest cache and transpiled files,
+ `build` - transpile TypeScript to ES6,
+ `build:watch` - interactive watch mode to automatically transpile source files,
+ `lint` - lint source files and tests,
+ `test` - run tests,
+ `test:watch` - interactive watch mode to automatically re-run tests

## License
MIT

Copyright (c) <2019> <Martin Scocco>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
